README.md, before:

# ***🧄VAMPASTA!🍝***

## Play!
You can play the WebGL build of *VAMPASTA!* at this link! (TODO)

## Game Pitch

Heartbroken after his girlfriend mysteriously vanishes and struggling with his newfound identity as a vampire, a young chef reluctantly serves his unsettlingly persistent, garlic-loving regular a full-course dinner. 

## How to Play

CLICK or SPACE to start the game, CLICK or use SPACE to advance the dialogue, ARROW KEYS to move in the overworld, ESC to open/close the menu, F and G to play the rhythm game.

## Meet the Characters (Spoilers)

### Ravi Romano (24)
<details>
  <summary>About Ravi</summary>
  The owner and sole chef of <em>Romano’s</em>. Is now a vampire.
</details>

### Lan (26, supposedly)
<details>
  <summary>About Lan</summary>
  Ravi’s ex-girlfriend. A vampire.
</details>

### Mateo (21)
<details>
  <summary>About Mateo</summary>
  A regular who enjoys (?) getting extra garlic-y pasta. Suspects Ravi is hiding something.
</details>

## Unity Editor Version
Unity editor version 2022.3.16f1.

Commit message:

feature-art-and-bugs (#2)
* misc changes

* some more art

* prevents from going back inside after round is over

* tutorials are in

* updated README, but still need to add updated WebGL link

* escape indicator for how to open tutorial

README.md, after:

# ***🧄VAMPASTA!🍝***

## Play!

You can play the WebGL build of *VAMPASTA!* at this link! (TODO) You may need to zoom in/out because the required sizing in browser is weird at the moment, sorry! Playing the build may be better, make sure to set the screen size to 800x720 though.

## Unity Editor Version

Unity editor version 2022.3.16f1.

## Game Pitch

Heartbroken after his girlfriend mysteriously vanishes and struggling with his newfound identity as a vampire, a young chef reluctantly serves his unsettlingly persistent, garlic-loving regular a full-course dinner. 

## How to Play

CLICK or SPACE to start the game, CLICK or use SPACE to advance the dialogue, ARROW KEYS to move in the overworld, SPACE to interact with Mateo when facing him or with table to set down food on it after cooking, ESC to open/close the tutorials, F and G to play the rhythm game.

## Meet the Characters (Spoilers)

### Ravi Romano (24)
<details>
  <summary>About Ravi</summary>
  The owner and sole chef of <em>Romano’s</em>. Is now a vampire.
</details>

### Lan (26, supposedly)
<details>
  <summary>About Lan</summary>
  Ravi’s ex-girlfriend. A vampire.
</details>

### Mateo (21)
<details>
  <summary>About Mateo</summary>
  A regular who enjoys (?) getting extra garlic-y pasta. Suspects Ravi is hiding something.
</details>
